[Docs] Fix merge errors / start vale checking in docs (#422)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/actions.md

# How to use actions

This guide shows you how to use actions, an idea that is similar to [callbacks](https://dash.plotly.com/basic-callbacks) in `Dash`.
Many components of a dashboard (for example, [`Graph`][vizro.models.Graph] or [`Button`][vizro.models.Button]) have an optional `actions` argument, where you can enter the [`Action`][vizro.models.Action] model.

> In a nutshell, using the [`Action`][vizro.models.Action] model together with an action function enables you to create complex functionality on a variety of triggers in your dashboard.
> There is already a range of reusable action functions available.

Reviewer: Would shorten a bit?

```suggestion
By combining the [`Action`][vizro.models.Action] model with an action function, you can create complex dashboard interactions triggered by various events. 

There are already lots of action functions you can reuse.
```

        ```
    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml

>         # Still requires a .py to register data connector in Data Manager and parse yaml configuration

Reviewer: I don't remember what Antony said again, but as far as I remember we shouldn't use data connector, data set etc. but just data? Could you double-check in his PR on the data manager 🤔

Author: Thanks, this was an issue in the merge which I thought I'd fixed. I've grepped all the source for data connector/dataset and done a line by line comparison of Antony's changes and mine, and I think/hope/pray we are all good now 🙏
